Docs grammar, pages 40-60 (#1856)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/sqlalchemy.md

- `append`
- `replace` with `truncate-and-insert` and `insert-from-staging` replace strategies. `staging-optimized` falls back to `insert-from-staging`.

The `merge` disposition is not supported and falls back to `append`.

## Data loading

Data is loaded in a dialect-agnostic manner with an `insert` statement generated by SQLAlchemy's core API.
Rows are inserted in batches as long as the underlying database driver supports it. By default, the batch size is 10,000 rows.

## Syncing of `dlt` state

This destination fully supports [dlt state sync](../../general-usage/state#syncing-state-with-destination).

### Data types

All `dlt` data types are supported, but how they are stored in the database depends on the SQLAlchemy dialect.

> For example, SQLite does not have a `DATETIME`/`TIMESTAMP` type, so `timestamp` columns are stored as `TEXT` in ISO 8601 format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, SQLite does not have `DATETIME` or `TIMESTAMP` types, so `timestamp` columns are stored as `TEXT` in ISO 8601 format.
```
